updating mongodb attribute reference (#8070)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/server/v4.2/installation/installation-reference.adoc

|`mongodb.auth.username`
|string
|`"root"`

> |When MongoDB is externalized, use this to state the name of user needed to connected to the external database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|When MongoDB is externalized, use this to state the username needed to connect to the external database
```

|`mongodb.auth.password`
|string
|`""`

> |When MongoDB is externalized, use this to state the password of user needed to connected to the external database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|When MongoDB is externalized, use this to state the password needed to connect to the external database
```
